that he is but now it is time again
world of warplanes holds again
move in on this channel and of course
It is also a special occasion there
patch 1.8 has now been released in
Endspurt with patch 1.8 are a few
new great things are coming and that
Let's start with the three new ones
premium aircraft and that's it
at the German bm 109 tl
multipurpose hunter and you see over here
already the values ​​the airspeed
is pretty respectable
maneuverability could therefore be better
of that , please do not claus
kombat or not on dogfights there
let in
There are bombs at the start and rockets
So something for everyone here commanded
this is a 48 premium
and you see the model you have to over
tokens free games or
I have new stamps on it
but still the same, we remain first in
the new eighth premium aircraft
because then it goes on with the a-eleven
a bus and here we have the whole
classic but still the whole
classic hunter you see
maneuverability excellent
performance is not so high and the
Flight speed could also be something
be more but just in close combat in the
dog was for that I certainly very
well
and last but not least, the japanese have
also one and that the j 8 m in the
fall again a hunter though
How to kyte in g-ba is here very much
low for an incredibly high
flight speed and a high
performance so boom in zoom is here
announced from that
here again about these stamps
to play freely
In addition , we are now bringing value stamps
They are now brand new
here
You can value these stamps
buy that means for every club for 50
gold gives it a value you can
Also the value marks he plays over
the orders you can see here
that means for example with me it would be
Now you make a counter-attack
plane or a
opposing multipurpose hunters and then
the additional task assumes you three
different types opposing
planes in a battle when you
then this is fulfilled then I am here
you see, I do not have it yet
I'll have him there soon
what to do
But I got for every login
you currently have two stamps that means
Let us look at the times that because there
happens
You can see the stamps here
buy premium planes for cheap
until accessories until real planes then
since the turn gets the wheel a
Consumables still and
Consumable material and a long surfaces
adjusting accessories in the case my
happiness improves above 3% that is
quite cool that is because both zack and
I still have a world mark and then
then look at the whole thing again
happiness is a value brand and 9000
credits and the received value stamp
You can play the whole game again
Incidentally, I think that's a great thing to do
very, very nice, very yes that
also promotes a bit the
incentive to gamble I find cool
So there are also in the patch and
another news here
brought new life
consumables and accessories
There are also aircraft anniversaries
that means there are additional ones
Rewards for the elders and
most experienced aircraft which you
Celebrate the anniversary so be careful
because if he then one of these planes
you can do something then again
dust off
the last and even more drastic
Changes in my opinion is that
only currently rotten from two people
and not as before from three
So people can exist so from here
of course, a point too
respect, think highly of
but on the whole I think a lot
nice and interesting patch and
maybe once again for one
or other interesting
I will definitely do that
will be one or the other let's play
I hope you follow me again
and I wish you all the best, see you soon
caramba